linux-scsi@vger.kernel.org --> invalid
klassert@kernel.org --> invalid
aradford@gmail.com --> valid
netdev@vger.kernel.org --> invalid
ajk@comnets.uni-bremen.de --> invalid
James.Bottomley@HansenPartnership.com --> invalid
dave@thedillows.org --> valid
alex.aring@gmail.com --> valid
hasegawa-hitomi@fujitsu.com --> invalid
linux_oss@crudebyte.com --> valid
johannes@sipsolutions.net --> invalid
asmadeus@codewreck.org --> valid
ericvh@kernel.org --> invalid
linux-api@vger.kernel.org --> invalid
hkallweit1@gmail.com --> valid
gregkh@linuxfoundation.org --> valid
lucho@ionkov.net --> valid
hdegoede@redhat.com --> invalid
linux-gpio@vger.kernel.org --> invalid
linux-iio@vger.kernel.org --> invalid
alistair@devzero.co.uk --> valid
william.gray@linaro.org --> valid
linus.walleij@linaro.org --> valid
tony.luck@intel.com --> invalid
robert.moore@intel.com --> invalid
rafael.j.wysocki@intel.com --> invalid
aacraid@microsemi.com --> valid
rafael@kernel.org --> invalid
jlee@suse.com --> valid
acpica-devel@lists.linux.dev --> invalid
james.morse@arm.com --> invalid
sudeep.holla@arm.com --> invalid
sunilvl@ventanamicro.com --> valid
linux-acpi@vger.kernel.org --> invalid
bp@alien8.de --> valid
yosryahmed@google.com --> invalid
torvalds@linux-foundation.org --> valid
terrelln@fb.com --> invalid
lenb@kernel.org --> invalid
minchan@kernel.org --> invalid
hannes@cmpxchg.org --> valid
senozhatsky@chromium.org --> valid
clabbe@baylibre.com --> valid
macro@orcam.me.uk --> valid
guohanjun@huawei.com --> valid
linux-arm-kernel@lists.infradead.org --> valid
linux-riscv@lists.infradead.org --> valid
